<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p id="commentText">
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Flexor hallucis brevis muscle</b> arises from the 
					plantar surfaces of the cuboid and lateral cuneiform bones.<br/><br/>
					
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The muscle belly of the flexor hallucis brevis 
					muscle divides into two parts. The medial portion blends with the 
					abductor hallucis and shares a <b>medial sesamoid bone</b> of the big toe 
					to insert on the medial aspect of the base of the proximal phalanx. 
					The lateral portion blends with the two heads of the adductor 
					hallucis, sharing a <b>lateral sesamoid bone</b> and inserting on the lateral 
					side of the base of the proximal phalanx.<br/><br/>
	
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Flexor hallucis brevis muscle flexes the proximal phalanx of 
					the big toe at the metatarsophalangeal joint.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Medial plantar nerve (S2–S3).<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The tendons of insertion of the flexor hallucis brevis
					muscle are associated with the two sesamoid bones of the big toe.</p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
					<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The flexor hallucis brevis muscle, a large toe flexor, works
					as a unit with some of the other muscles of the sole to push the
					foot off the ground and to assist in maintaining balance. Pushing
					off the <b>&#x201c;ball of the foot&#x201d;</b> is especially important, as this is the last
					portion of the foot to leave the ground. Clinically, it is difficult to
					isolate the specific actions of single small foot muscles.</p></div>
				<p>
					<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
					<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>