<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Left Atrium and Ventricle: Flap Opened in Posterolateral Wall of Left Ventricle</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Mammary Gland </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Mammary Gland</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The <b>mammary gland</b> is a modified sweat gland located in the superficial fascia. Its lobes of glandular tissue are separated by fibrous septa. Each lobe opens to a lactiferous duct that dilates just beneath the nipple to form a lactiferous sinus, or reservoir, for milk during lactation.<br/><br/> The <b>suspensory ligaments (Cooper&#x2019;s ligaments)</b> are strong fibrous connective tissue strands that pass from the dermis of the skin to the superficial fascia through the substance of the breast.<br/><br/> About 75% of the lymphatic drainage of the breast passes to the <b>axillary lymph nodes</b>. Lymph also may drain to infraclavicular nodes, medially to parasternal nodes, or inferiorly to abdominal lymphatics<br/>(see Card 3&#x2010;17/S7&#x2010;2).
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The breast is divided into quadrants: upper inner, upper outer, lower inner, and lower outer. Approximately 50% to 60% of all breast cancers develop in the upper outer quadrant. <b>Breast cancer</b> is the most common malignancy in women. Its incidence exceeds the combined incidences of the next two most common cancers, which are cancers of the lung and colorectal area. Most of these neoplasms are <b>ductal carcinomas</b> arising from the lactifer-ous ductal epithelium.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Thorax</b> / Reproductive and Urinary Systems<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    