<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Arteries of Leg: Anterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Arteries of Leg: Anterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Arteries of Leg: Anterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The anterior tibial artery, a branch of the popliteal artery
				(the femoral artery passes through the adductor hiatus to become the
				popliteal artery), supplies the anterior compartment of the leg and the
				dorsum of the foot. It is accompanied by the deep fibular nerve,
				which supplies the muscles of the anterior compartment.<br /><br />

				At the ankle, there is a rich anastomosis from malleolar, tarsal, and
				arcuate arteries.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Two pulses</b> are commonly taken on the distal lower limb. The <b>posterior tibial pulse</b> is felt between the medial malleolus
				and the calcaneal tendon. The <b>dorsalis pedis artery</b> is a continuation of the anterior tibial artery, and its pulse may be palpated on
				the dorsum of the foot just lateral to the tendon of the extensor
				hallucis longus as it emerges from the extensor retinaculum. This
				is the most distal pulse from the heart that is used clinically.<br /><br />

				A weak or absent dorsalis pedis pulse may suggest <b>vascular
				insufficiency</b>; the five P&#x2019;s of arterial occlusion are pain, pallor,
				paresthesia, paralysis, and pulselessness.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Cardiovascular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>