<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> This large, triangular <b>adductor magnus muscle</b>
				arises from the inferior ramus of the pubis, the ramus of the ischium,
				and the ischial tuberosity.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Inserts into the gluteal tuberosity, linea aspera,
				medial supracondylar line, and adductor tubercle of the femur. The
				portion inserting on the supracondylar line is called the <b>adductor
				portion</b>. The portion inserting on the adductor tubercle of the femur
				is called the <b>hamstring portion</b>.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> This muscle is a powerful adductor of the thigh at the hip. Its
				superior portion weakly flexes and medially rotates the thigh. Its
				lower portion helps extend and laterally rotate the thigh.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The adductor portion is innervated by the obturator
				nerve (L2–L4). The hamstring portion is innervated by the tibial
				portion of the sciatic nerve (L4).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The most superior portion of the <b>adductor magnus</b> is called the <b>adductor minimus</b> if it forms a distinct muscle, as seen in this plate.<br/><br/> The lowest portion of the muscle contains an opening called the <b>adductor hiatus,</b> which allows the femoral vessels to pass into the popliteal fossa.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The adductor magnus, or one or more of the other adductors, helps to keep the lower limb positioned under the body&#x2019;s center of gravity (prevents one from doing the &#x201c;splits&#x201d;) and may be easily stretched or torn when forcefully contracted, leading to a <b>groin injury.</b></p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>