<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
<title>Perineal Spaces and Muscles: Deep Space</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>

</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Perineal Spaces and Muscles: Deep Space</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Perineal Spaces and Muscles: Deep Space</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b><b> Sphincter urethrae muscle</b> arises from the inferior
				pubic ramus.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> Attaches to a median raphe and the perineal body.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The muscles on both sides act together to constrict
				the urethra.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Perineal branch of the pudendal nerve (S2-S4).<br/><br/>

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> In women, the <b>sphincter urethrae muscle</b> blends with the compressor urethrae muscle and the urethrovaginal sphincter muscles. These muscles are innervated by the pudendal nerve (S2-S4) and its perineal branches. <br/><br/>
				Although some textbooks call the female sphincter urethrae the &#x201c;external&#x201d; urethral sphincter, women do not possess an internal urethral sphincter (smooth muscle sphincter at the neck of the urinary bladder), which is a sphincter muscle found only in men.
			</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Stretching during childbirth can weaken the integrity of the urogenital sphincter complex as well as the support structures of the reproductive viscera (pelvic diaphragm, pubovesical and cervical ligaments). This can lead to <b>stress incontinence,</b> in which there is an involuntary loss of urine following an increase in intraabdominal pressure.
				</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Pelvis and Perineum</b> / Muscular System
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body>
</html>