<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Forearm Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Forearm Muscles</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Forearm Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Extensor carpi ulnaris muscle</b> has two heads. One head arises from the lateral epicondyle of the humerus, and the 
				other arises from the posterior border of the ulna.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Attaches to the medial side of the base of the 5th metacarpal.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Extends and adducts the hand at the wrist joint.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Radial nerve (posterior interosseous branch) (C7 and C8).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Similar to the extensor carpi radialis longus and brevis
				muscles, the extensor carpi ulnaris acts as a <b>synergist</b> to the finger
				flexors because it keeps the wrist extended to give additional
				strength when the hand grasps an object. This action is essential for
				a <b>power grip</b>.</p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Clinically, the extensor carpi ulnaris muscle is tested by
				having the patient extend and adduct the wrist against resistance.
				The examiner can hold the patient's pronated fist and provide
				resistance against wrist extension and adduction (movement
				toward the little finger side of the wrist). The bulging contracted
				muscle belly will be evident along the medial forearm and its
				tendon at the wrist.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle"> Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>

    </body></html>