<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Individual Muscles of Forearm</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Individual Muscles of Forearm</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Individual Muscles of Forearm</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Flexor carpi ulnaris muscle</b> has two heads. The 
			humeral head arises from the medial epicondyle of the humerus by 
			the common flexor tendon. The ulnar head arises from the medial 
			margin of the olecranon and posterior border of the ulna.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Inserts into the pisiform bone, but an extension of 
			its ligament attaches to the hook of the hamate and base of the 5th 
			metacarpal. Several of its fibers also attach to the flexor retinaculum.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Flexes and adducts the hand at the wrist.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b>  Ulnar nerve (C7 and C8).<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The two heads of this muscle join just below the medial epicondyle; the ulnar nerve runs between the heads as it courses toward the wrist. The ulnar extensor (extensor carpi ulnaris muscle) helps the flexor carpi ulnaris adduct the hand at the wrist.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> As the ulnar nerve passes between the two heads of the flexor carpi ulnaris, the nerve can become compressed, leading to a <b>cubital tunnel syndrome</b>. This syndrome is second only to carpal tunnel syndrome among compression neuropathies. Compression may be especially acute as the elbow is flexed because this narrows the space between the two muscle heads.</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>