<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Femur</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Femur</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Femur</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The femur, or <b>thigh bone</b>, is the longest bone in the
				body. When a person is standing, the femur transmits the weight of
				the body from the hip to the tibia.<br /><br />

				The head of the femur articulates with the coxal (hip) bone at the
				acetabulum. The femoral neck is a common fracture site. The
			<b>greater trochanter</b> is the point of the hip and an attachment site for
				several of the gluteal muscles (abductors of the thigh at the hip). The
			<b>lesser trochanter</b> is an attachment site for the iliopsoas tendon, a
				strong flexor of the thigh at the hip.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Femoral neck fractures</b> are common and often occur in
				the young from trauma and in the elderly from osteoporosis
				(especially in females) and an associated fall. Complications are
				related to nonunion of the bone, especially with intracapsular
				fractures, and avascular necrosis of the femoral head may occur as
				a result. A <b>spiral fracture</b> of the mid-shaft can occur from a
				high-impact incident, and <b>distal femoral fractures</b> often are
				complicated by trauma to the femoral condyles, causing misalignment of the affected knee.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>