<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
    <title>Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			  <p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b><b> Vastus lateralis muscle</b> arises from the posterior
				aspect of the femur, beginning at the greater trochanter and
				continuing inferiorly along the lateral lip of the linea aspera of the
				femur.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Most of the vastus lateralis muscle inserts into the
				lateral patella and the tendon of the rectus femoris to form the
				quadriceps tendon. The patellar ligament inserts into the tibial
				tuberosity.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Vastus lateralis muscle extends the leg at the knee.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Femoral nerve (L2–L4).<br/><br/>
			  	<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The vastus lateralis is one of the four muscles making up the <b>quadriceps femoris extensor complex</b> of the knee. It covers essentially the entire lateral portion of the thigh.</p>			
			  <div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			  	<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The vastus lateralis muscle acts in concert with the other three muscles of the quadriceps femoris and is tested clinically by having the patient extend the leg, flexed at the knee, against resistance. The vastus lateralis is the <b>largest of the quadriceps muscles.</b><br/><br/> <b>Groin injuries</b> are common athletic injuries and often occur from sudden contraction or excessive stretching of the proximal attachments of the flexor and adductor muscles.</p></div>
			  <p>
				  <span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			  </p>
			  </div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    