<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Suprahyoid Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Suprahyoid Muscles </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Suprahyoid Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p >
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> The <b>digastric muscle</b> consists of two bellies. The posterior 
belly is the longest, and it arises from the mastoid notch of the 
temporal bone. The anterior belly arises from the digastric fossa of 
the mandible.<br/><br/>
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> The two bellies end in an intermediate tendon that 
perforates the stylohyoid muscle and is connected to the body and 
greater horn of the hyoid bone.<br/><br/>
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The digastric muscle elevates the hyoid bone and, when both 
muscles act together, helps the lateral pterygoid muscles open the 
mouth by depressing the mandible.<br/><br/>
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The anterior belly of the digastric muscle is innervated 
by the mylohyoid nerve, a branch of the mandibular division of the 
trigeminal nerve. The posterior belly is innervated by the facial nerve.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The two bellies of the digastric muscle are unique because they are innervated by different cranial nerves. They are important in swallowing and mastication (chewing).
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The digastric muscles are important for opening the mouth symmetrically and are assisted by the lateral pterygoid muscles.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    