<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p> 
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> <b>Quadratus lumborum muscle</b> arises from the transverse 
				processes of L3-L5, the iliolumbar ligament, and the iliac crest.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> Attaches to the lower border of the last rib and the 
				transverse processes of L1-L3 vertebrae.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> With the pelvis fixed, the quadratus lumborum muscle 
				laterally flexes the lumbar vertebral column (trunk). It also fixes the 
				12th rib during inspiration. When both quadratus lumborum muscles 
				act together, they can help extend the lumbar vertebral column.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Subcostal nerve (T12 and L1-L4 nerves).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Superiorly, the diaphragm forms the <b>lateral arcuate ligament</b> where it passes over the quadratus lumborum. The <b>medial arcuate ligament</b> passes over the psoas major and minor muscles.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The <b>vertebrocostal (lumbocostal) triangle</b> (located just lateral and superior to the lateral arcuate ligament) is a nonmuscular area between the costal and lumbar portions of the diaphragm. During trauma or with increased abdominal pressure, this portion of the diaphragm can become weakened, and viscera can herniate into the thorax superiorly.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
	
</body>
</html>    