<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" > Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			  <p id="commentText">
				  <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): </b> <b>Opponens pollicis muscle</b> arises from the flexor retinaculum and the trapezium bone.<br/><br/>
				  <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal): </b> Attaches to the lateral side of the 1st metacarpal bone.<br/><br/>
				  <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Pulls and rotates the 1st metacarpal in a medial fashion across the palm, opposing the thumb against the fingers.<br/><br/>
				  <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Recurrent branch of the median nerve (C8 and T1).<br/><br/>
				  <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The opponens pollicis muscle is one of the three muscles that make up the thenar muscles at the base of the thumb. The <b>thenar muscles</b> are all innervated by the recurrent branch of the median nerve.</p>
				  <div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				  <p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The opponens pollicis muscle is tested clinically by asking the patient to touch the base of the little finger with the thumb while resistance is provided to the palmar side of the base of the thumb.<br/><br/>
				  As with all of the thenar muscles, injury in the palm before the origin of the recurrent branch of the median nerve will denervate these muscles. If the median nerve injury is confined to the wrist and/or hand, then all the forearm muscles innervated by the median nerve should still be functional.</p>
			  </div>
			  <p>
				  <span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			  </p>
			  </div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	   </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>