<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Muscles of Arm: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Arm: Posterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles of Arm: Posterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p id="commentText">
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>long head of the triceps</b> arises from the 
					infraglenoid tubercle of the scapula. The <b>lateral head</b> arises from the 
					posterior surface of the humerus. The <b>medial head</b> (deep to the long 
					and lateral heads) arises from the posterior surface of the humerus 
					inferior to the radial groove.<br/><br/>
					The <b>anconeus</b> arises from the posterior surface of the lateral 
					epicondyle of the humerus.<br/><br/>
	
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> All three heads of the triceps insert by a common 
					tendon into the posterior portion of the proximal olecranon of the 
					ulna. A band of fibers continues distally on the lateral side over the 
					anconeus to blend with the deep fascia of the forearm.<br/><br/>
					The anconeus inserts into the lateral aspect of the olecranon and into 
					the upper dorsal surface of the body of the ulna.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The anconeus muscle and all three heads of the triceps extend the forearm at the elbow. The anconeus also abducts the ulna during pronation. The long head of the triceps, arising from the scapula, also can extend the humerus (arm) at the shoulder joint and adduct the arm.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The triceps and anconeus are supplied by the radial nerve (C6-C8).<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The medial head of the triceps is the functional counterpart of the chief flexor of the elbow, the brachialis. The medial head is misnamed; it really lies deep, not medial.<br/>The triceps receives its blood supply from the deep brachial artery.</p>			
					<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Tapping the triceps tendon elicits the <b>triceps reflex</b>, testing spinal cord segments C6-C8. This deep tendon reflex tests the afferent and efferent innervation of the muscle, and normal muscle fiber function.</p></div>
				<p>
					<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>