<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Hip Joint: Anterior and Posterior Views</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Hip Joint: Anterior and Posterior Views</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Hip Joint: Anterior and Posterior Views</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> 
				The <b>hip joint</b> is a multiaxial ball-and-socket synovial joint
				between the acetabulum and the head of the femur. The acetabular
				labrum deepens the acetabular cavity even farther, and the fibrous
				joint capsule is reinforced by three ligaments.<br /><br />

				The <b>iliofemoral ligament</b> is the most important ligament reinforcing
				the hip joint. This ligament forms an inverted Y ligament (of Bigelow)
				that limits hyperextension and lateral rotation. The <b>pubofemoral
				ligament</b> limits extension and abduction, whereas the <b>ischiofemoral
				ligament</b> limits extension and medial rotation. If one notices where
				these ligaments attach, one can understand how they limit movement in a certain direction.<br /><br />
				The hip participates in abduction and adduction, flexion and extension, and rotation and circumduction.

			</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The iliofemoral ligament is the strongest of the hip ligaments, and the ischiofemoral is the weakest of the three ligaments.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>