<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b>  <b>Piriformis muscle</b> arises from the anterior
				surface of the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th sacral segments and the sacrotuberous
				ligament.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Piriformis muscle inserts by a round tendon into
				the greater trochanter of the femur.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The piriformis abducts the flexed thigh at the hip and helps
				stabilize the hip joint. It also laterally rotates the extended thigh.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Anterior rami of S1–S2.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b>  The piriformis muscle is a pyramid-shaped muscle that
				arises within the pelvis and passes through the <b>greater sciatic
				foramen</b> as it courses to its insertion. The sacral nerve plexus is
				formed largely on the surface of the piriformis muscle within the
				pelvis. In the gluteal region, the sciatic nerve may pass through
				the piriformis muscle; more often, it emerges just inferior to the
				muscle's belly.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b>  Because of the close relationship of the piriformis muscle
				to the large sciatic nerve, <b>hypertrophy</b> or <b>spasm</b> of this muscle
				can compress the sciatic nerve, causing significant pain. This is
				most common in athletes who use these muscles frequently (e.g.,
				ice hockey players, figure skaters, rock climbers, cyclists).</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				 <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>