<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title=" Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p id="commentText">
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Tibialis anterior muscle</b> arises from the lateral 
					condyle and superior half of the lateral surface of the tibia and from 
					the interosseous membrane.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Tibialis anterior muscle inserts into the medial and 
					inferior surfaces of the medial cuneiform tarsal and the base of the 
					1st metatarsal.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Tibialis anterior muscle dorsiflexes the foot at the ankle and 
					inverts the foot at the subtalar and midtarsal joints.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Deep fibular nerve (L4–L5).<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The tibialis anterior is the largest muscle in the anterior 
					compartment of the leg. In general, muscles of this compartment 
					dorsiflex (extend) the foot at the ankle and extend the toes. 
					Their blood supply comes largely from the anterior tibial artery 
					and its branches.	</p>		
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
					<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The tibialis anterior muscle is clinically tested by having
					the patient dorsiflex the foot against resistance. The muscle tendon
					and belly will be evident over the anterior leg.<br/><br/>
	
					<b>Anterior (tibial) compartment syndrome</b> (known as an
					anterior or a lateral <b>&#x201c;shin splint&#x201d;</b>) occurs from excessive contraction of anterior compartment muscles. Pain radiates down the
					ankle and dorsum of the foot overlying the extensor tendons of
					these muscles.</p></div>
				<p>
					<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
					<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>