<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b>  <b>Semitendinosus muscle</b> arises from the ischial tuberosity of the pelvis.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The prominent tendon of the semitendinosus
				muscle inserts on the medial surface of the superior portion of the
				tibia.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Semitendinosus muscle flexes the leg at the knee and, when
				the knee is flexed, medially rotates the tibia. It also is an extensor of
				the thigh at the hip joint. When the hip and knee both are flexed, the
				semitendinosus muscle can extend the trunk.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Sciatic nerve, tibial division (L5, S1–S2).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The semitendinosus is one of the three muscles making
				up the <b>hamstrings</b>. This slender muscle has a long tendon of
				insertion.<br/><br/>

				The tendon of insertion combines with the tendons of the gracilis and
				sartorius to form the <b>pes anserinus</b> (goose&#x2019;s foot) on the medial
				aspect of the knee joint.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The hamstrings are collectively tested by having the
				supine patient flex the limb 90<sup>°</sup> at the hip and knee and then
				further flex the knee against resistance. <b>Hamstring muscle pulls</b>
				or <b>tears</b> are common athletic injuries because these muscles
				stretch across two joints. Stretching these muscles before vigorous
				exercise is recommended.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>