<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Brachialis muscle </b> arises from the distal half of 
				the anterior humerus.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Inserts into the tuberosity and the anterior surface 
				of the coronoid process of the ulna.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The brachialis is a powerful flexor of the forearm at the elbow.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Musculocutaneous nerve (C5 and C6). Also, the radial 
				nerve sends a minor branch to the brachialis (C7).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Because the brachialis is covered superficially by the
				biceps, it is often not appreciated as the most important and
				powerful flexor of the forearm at the elbow. Although the muscle can
				participate in quick flexion, its <b>isometric contraction</b> maintains the
				flexed position, especially when a weight is applied to the forearm.<br/><br/>
				The brachial artery supplies the brachialis with blood.</p>				
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Damage to the musculocutaneous nerve proximal to the
				brachialis (<b>compression injury</b> as it passes through the coracobrachialis muscle) can lead to weakness in the brachialis and biceps
				brachii muscles, thus affecting elbow flexion.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>