<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>short head</b> of the <b>biceps brachii muscle</b>
				arises from the apex of the coracoid process of the scapula. The 
				<b>long head</b> of the <b>biceps brachii muscle</b> arises from the supraglenoid tubercle of the scapula.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Both muscle bellies of the biceps brachii muscle 
				join to form a flattened tendon that is inserted into the radial 
				tuberosity. Opposite the elbow, the tendon gives off a broad 
				aponeurosis from its medial side. This bicipital aponeurosis descends 
				medially to fuse with the deep fascia of the forearm.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> With the forearm partially flexed, the biceps brachii is a 
				powerful supinator of the forearm. It also is an important flexor of the 
				supinated forearm. It assists other muscles, although weakly, as a 
				flexor of the arm at the shoulder.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Musculocutaneous nerve (C5 and C6).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> As its name implies, the biceps is a <b>fusiform muscle</b> that
				has two heads. Its insertion by the bicipital aponeurosis allows it to
				flex the elbow.<br/><br/>
				The brachial artery supplies blood to this muscle.
			
			</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Tapping the biceps tendon elicits the <b>biceps tendon
				reflex</b>, testing spinal cord segments C5 and C6. The biceps is
				tested clinically by having a patient flex the supinated forearm
				against resistance and watching for the distinct contraction of the
				biceps in the anterior arm. This action also tests the integrity of the
				musculocutaneous nerve.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>