<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b>  <b>Obturator internus muscle</b> arises from the
				pelvic aspect of the obturator membrane and the pelvic bones
				surrounding the obturator foramen.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Obturator internus muscle inserts on the medial
				surface of the greater trochanter of the femur.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Obturator internus muscle laterally rotates the extended thigh
				at the hip joint and abducts the flexed thigh at the hip. The muscle
				also steadies the femoral head in the acetabulum.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Nerve to the obturator internus (L5 and S1).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The obturator internus has an extensive area of origin
				from within the pelvis, but it quickly tapers into a narrow muscle
				belly and tendon. The muscle leaves the pelvis through the <b>lesser
				sciatic foramen</b> and courses to its insertion. Its sides are bounded
				by the two gemelli muscles.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b>  Along with the two gemelli, the obturator internus forms
				the <b>&#x201c;triceps of the hip&#x201d;</b> (triceps coxae). These three muscles act
				as a functional unit. A <b>bursa</b> exists over the posterior border of the
				ischium and allows the tendon of the muscle to glide easily over
				this bony region.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				 <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>