<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer" tabindex="0"> Mandible: Anterolateral Superior View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.html" scrolling="no" allowFullScreen="true" frameborder="0"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog">
			
			<h2 tabindex="0">Mandible: Anterolateral Superior View</h2>
			<div title="Close" tabindex="0" class="close">X</div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body" tabindex="0">			
			<p>
				<b>Comment: </b> The mandible, or lower jaw, contains the mandibular teeth and the mandibular foramen. The inferior alveolar neurovascular bundle passes through the mandibular foramen; it innervates the mandibular teeth and supplies them with blood. The nerve ends as a cutaneous branch that exits the mental foramen (mental nerve).<br/><br/>
				The <b>condylar process</b> of the mandible articulates with the temporal bone, forming the temporomandibular joint.<br/><br/>
				The most common sites of fracture are the cuspid (canine tooth) area and the third molar area (see Clinical below).
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b>Clinical:</b> <b>Fractures of the mandible</b> are fairly common. The mandible&#x2019;s U shape renders it liable to multiple fractures, which occur in over 50% of cases. The mandible is the second most commonly fractured facial bone (the nasal bone is the most commonly fractured). The most common sites of fracture are the cuspid (canine tooth) area and the area just anterior to the third molar (wisdom tooth) area. When fractured, blood oozing from the mandible may collect in the loose tissues of the floor of the mouth, above the mylohyoid muscle (see Card 1-25/S3-10).</p>

			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
</body>
</html>    