<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Knee: Interior (Superior View)</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Knee: Interior (Superior View)</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Knee: Interior (Superior View)</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>knee</b> is surrounded by a thin, fibrous capsule that is
				stabilized by the surrounding muscle attachments and intracapsular
				and extracapsular ligaments. Intracapsular ligaments include the
				anterior and posterior cruciate ligaments, medial and lateral menisci,
				and transverse ligament. Extracapsular ligaments include the medial
				and lateral collateral ligaments, patellar ligament, and arcuate and
				oblique popliteal ligaments. <br/><br/>

				Of the two cruciate ligaments, the <b>anterior cruciate</b> is the weaker
				and is most taut when the knee is fully extended, preventing
				hyperextension. It is usually torn in hyperextension with the tibia
				medially (internally) rotated. The <b>posterior cruciate</b> tightens most
				during flexion of the knee, preventing excessive anterior displacement of the femur on the tibia or excessive posterior displacement of
				the tibia on the femur. Both cruciate ligaments maintain some level
				of tautness during movements of the knee.<br/><br/>

				The <b>tibial collateral ligament</b> limits extension and abduction of the
				leg and is attached to the medial meniscus. The <b>fibular collateral
				ligament</b> limits extension and adduction of the leg.
			</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Rupture</b> of the tibial collateral ligament, which is attached to the medial meniscus, may <b>tear</b> the medial meniscus. The medial
				meniscus is larger than the lateral meniscus.<br/><br/>

				<b>Sprains</b> of the knee ligaments are common in athletes and can
				involve stretching only, partial tearing, or complete rupture of the
				ligament, rendering the joint unstable.</p></div>

			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>