<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Muscles of Pharynx</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Muscles of Pharynx </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles of Pharynx</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> <b> Middle pharyngeal constrictor</b> arises from the stylohyoid ligament and the greater and lesser horns of the hyoid bone.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion: </b> The middle pharyngeal constrictor from both sides wrap around and meet to attach to the median raphe of the pharynx.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Middle pharyngeal constrictor constricts the wall of the pharynx during swallowing.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Pharyngeal plexus of the vagus nerve (CN X).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The middle pharyngeal constrictor lies largely behind the
				hyoid bone. The fibers of the superior and middle pharyngeal
				constrictors often blend together, but the demarcation point can be
				seen where the stylopharyngeus muscle intervenes.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Although the motor innervation of the pharyngeal
				constrictors is via the vagus nerve (CN X, pharyngeal plexus), the
				sensory innervation of all but the most superior part of the pharynx
				(the constrictor muscles and the mucosa lining the interior of the
				pharynx) is via the glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX). Together, the
				fibers of CN IX and X form the <b>pharyngeal plexus</b> and function in
				concert with one another during swallowing.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    