<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
            <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Lumbrical muscles</b> arise from the tendons of the 
			flexor digitorum longus. The first, or most medial, lumbrical arises 
			from the medial side of the tendon to the second toe. The second 
			lumbrical arises from the two tendons that flank it, and the other two 
			lumbricals arise from their flanking tendons.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The tendons of the lumbrical muscles pass below 
			the deep transverse metatarsal ligaments. They are inserted into the 
			extensor expansions of the extensor digitorum longus on the dorsal 
			surface of the proximal phalanges.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Similar to the lumbricals in the hand, the lumbricals in the 
			foot flex the proximal phalanges at the metatarsophalangeal joints 
			and extend the two distal phalanges of the four lateral digits.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The first lumbrical is innervated by the medial plantar 
			nerve (S2–S3). The three lateral lumbricals are innervated by the 
			lateral plantar nerve (S2–S3).<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The lumbrical muscles in the foot act in a manner similar
			to the lumbricals in the hand (which arise from the flexor digitorum
			profundus muscle tendons).</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> It is difficult to isolate the action of the lumbrical muscles
			clinically. Three of the four lumbricals are innervated by the lateral
			plantar nerve.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>