<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Internal Craniocervical Ligaments</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Cervical Vertebrae: Atlas and Axis </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Cervical Vertebrae: Atlas and Axis</h2>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p >
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b>The <b>atlantooccipital joint</b> is a biaxial condyloid synovial joint between the atlas and the occipital condyles. It permits flexion and extension, as when the head is nodded up and down, and some lateral bending.<br/><br/>
				The <b>atlantoaxial</b> joints are uniaxial synovial joints. They consist of plane joints associated with the articular facets and a median pivot joint between the dens of the axis and the anterior arch of the atlas. The atlantoaxial joint permits the atlas and head to be rotated as a single unit, as when the head is turned from side to side.</p><p>
				These joints are reinforced by ligaments, especially the cruciate and alar ligaments. The alar ligaments limit rotation.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Osteoarthritis</b> is the most common form of arthritis and often involves erosion of the articular cartilage of weight-bearing joints, including the cervical spine. Extensive thinning of the intervertebral discs and of the cartilage covering the facet joints can lead to hyperextension of the cervical spine, narrowing of the intervertebral foramen, and the potential for impingement of the spinal nerves exiting the intervertebral foramen.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    