<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Nerves of Perineum: Male</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Nerves of Perineum: Male</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Nerves of Perineum: Male</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>pudendal nerve</b> and its branches innervate the skin
			    and skeletal muscles of the male (and female) perineum. The nerve
			    arises from anterior rami of S2, S3, and S4 spinal cord levels. After
			    emerging from the pudendal (Alcock&#x2019;s) canal, the pudendal nerve
			    divides into inferior anal nerves, the perineal nerve, superficial and
			    deep branches of the perineal nerve (which also supply the scrotum),
			    and the dorsal nerve of the penis.<br/><br/>
			    <b>Parasympathetic fibers</b> arise from the S2&#x2010;S4 levels, travel in pelvic
			    splanchnic nerves to the inferior hypogastric plexus and prostatic
			    nerve plexus, and stimulate the release of nitric oxide from the nerve
			    endings and endothelial cells of the erectile tissues, which relaxes
			    smooth muscle tone and increases blood flow to permit erection.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> 
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Erectile dysfunction</b> is the inability to achieve or maintain
			    penile erection sufficient for sexual intercourse. Nitric oxide
			    released by the pelvic splanchnic parasympathetic nerve fibers and endothelial cells normally causes the dilation of the arteries supplying blood to the erectile tissues. When this mechanism is compromised, erectile dysfunction results. Drugs that are used to treat this disorder aid smooth muscle relaxation by augmenting the action of nitric oxide.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Pelvis and Perineum</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Nervous System</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	

    </body>
</html>