<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Individual Muscles of Forearm</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Individual Muscles of Forearm</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Individual Muscles of Forearm</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Flexor pollicis longus muscle</b> arises from anterior aspect of the radius and adjacent interosseous membrane.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Flexor pollicis longus muscle inserts on the base of the distal phalanx of the thumb.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The primary action of the flexor pollicis longus muscle is 
			flexion of the distal phalanx of the thumb. The muscle also can flex 
			the proximal phalanx because its tendon crosses that joint.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Median nerve (anterior interosseous branch) (C7, C8, and T1).<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The tendon of the unipennate belly of the flexor pollicis longus muscle crosses the carpal canal on the lateral or radial side of the digital flexor tendons and passes to the distal phalanx of the thumb. The tendon has its own synovial sheath.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The flexor pollicis longus muscle is tested clinically by asking the patient to flex the tip of the thumb against resistance while the examiner holds the proximal phalanx fixed between the thumb and fingers. This action not only tests the strength of muscle contraction but also tests the integrity of the median nerve, which innervates this muscle.</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>