<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Shoulder Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">				
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>supraspinatus muscle</b> occupies the 
				supraspinous fossa, originating from the medial two-thirds and arising 
				from the strong supraspinatus fascia. The <b>infraspinatus muscle</b>
				occupies most of the infraspinous fossa; it arises from the medial 
				two-thirds and from the infraspinatus fascia.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Fibers of the supraspinatus converge to form a 
				tendon that inserts into the superior facet on the greater tubercle of 
				the humerus. The infraspinatus fibers also converge to form a 
				tendon, which inserts into the middle facet on the greater tubercle of 
				the humerus. The tendons of the two muscles adhere to each other.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The supraspinatus strengthens the shoulder joint by drawing 
				the humerus toward the glenoid fossa. With help from the deltoid, it 
				initiates abduction at the shoulder and is a lateral rotator of the 
				humerus (arm). The infraspinatus strengthens the shoulder joint by 
				bracing the head of the humerus in the glenoid fossa. It is also a 
				lateral rotator of the humerus.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Both by the suprascapular nerve (C5 and C6).<br/><br/></p>
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Repeated abduction and flexion of the shoulder (as in the
				throwing motion) may cause wear and tear on the tendons as they
				rub on the acromion and coracoacromial ligament. This action can
				lead to <b>rotator cuff tears</b> or ruptures. The tendon of the supraspinatus is the most vulnerable to injury.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>