<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Sole of Foot: First Layer</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Sole of Foot: First Layer</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Sole of Foot: First Layer</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">
            <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Abductor digiti minimi muscle</b> arises from the 
			medial and lateral tubercles of the tuberosity of the calcaneus, the 
			plantar aponeurosis, and the intermuscular septa.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The tendon of the abductor digiti minimi muscle 
			and the tendon of the flexor digiti minimi brevis muscle insert 
			together into the lateral side of the base of the proximal phalanx of 
			the fifth, or little, toe.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Abductor digiti minimi muscle abducts and helps flex the 
			little toe at the metatarsophalangeal joint.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Lateral plantar nerve (S2–S3).<br/><br/>

			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b>  Some fibers of the abductor digiti minimi muscle often
				insert onto the tuberosity at the base of the 5th metatarsal as well.
				These fibers can constitute a separate muscle named the abductor
				ossis metatarsi quinti.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The abductor digiti minimi muscle, a small toe abductor,
				works as a unit with some of the other muscles of the sole to
				push the foot off the ground and to assist in maintaining balance.
				Clinically, it is difficult to isolate the specific actions of a single
				small foot muscle.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				 <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>