<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <title>Common Fibular Nerve</title>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Common Fibular Nerve </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Common Fibular Nerve</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			    <p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>common fibular nerve</b> is a direct extension of the sciatic nerve. It wraps superficially around the head of the fibula and
				divides into a superficial branch and a deep branch.<br/><br/>
				The <b>superficial fibular nerve</b> innervates muscles of the lateral
				compartment of the leg, which are essentially involved in eversion of
				the foot. The <b>deep fibular nerve</b> innervates muscles of the anterior
				compartment of the leg and muscles on the dorsum of the foot.
				These muscles are essentially dorsiflexors of the foot at the ankle
				and extensors of the toes.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The <b>common fibular nerve</b> is the most commonly injured
				nerve of the lower limb. This nerve is vulnerable to compression
				injury, usually from direct trauma, where it wraps around the head
				of the fibula. When injured, the patient may present with <b>footdrop</b>
				(inability to dorsiflex at the ankle) and an inability to evert the foot.
				The corresponding nerve of the upper limb would be the ulnar
				nerve, which passes posterior to the medial epicondyle of the
				humerus and is vulnerable to injury.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Nervous System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    