<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Forearm Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Forearm Muscles</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Forearm Muscles</h2>			
			<hr />
			<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p id="commentText">
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Abductor pollicis longus muscle</b> arises from 
					posterior aspect of the ulna, radius, and interosseous membrane.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Attaches to the base of the 1st metacarpal bone.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Abducts, extends, and laterally rotates the thumb at the 
					carpometacarpal joint. It also may contribute to abduction of the wrist.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Radial nerve (posterior interosseous branch) (C7 and C8).<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> When the thumb is abducted, the tendon of the abductor
					pollicis longus becomes prominent and forms the lateral boundary of
					the <b>&#x201c;anatomical snuffbox.&#x201d;</b></p>
					<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The abductor pollicis longus muscle is tested clinically by
					having the patient supinate the hand (palm up) and extend the
					forearm at the elbow. The examiner places a finger on the lateral
					aspect of the patient's extended thumb for resistance and asks the
					patient to try to move the thumb toward the elbow (abduct). While
					the patient does this, the examiner looks for the tendon of the
					muscle running to the base of the thumb's metacarpal bone.<br/><br/>
					Stress or rupture of the collateral ligaments of the thumb <b>(&#x201c;gamekeeper or skier's thumb&#x201d;)</b> results from hyperabduction of the metacarpophalangeal thumb joint.</p>
				</div>
				<p>
					<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>