<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title=" Commentary">  Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>extensor hallucis longus muscle</b> arises 
				from the middle portion of the anterior surface of the fibula and the 
				interosseous membrane.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Inserts on the dorsal aspect of the base of the 
				distal phalanx of the big toe.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Extends the big toe, assists in dorsiflexion of the foot at the 
				ankle, and is a weak invertor.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Deep fibular nerve (L5 and S1).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Most of the muscular belly of the <b>extensor hallucis longus</b>
				is covered by the tibialis anterior and the extensor digitorum longus.<br/><br/>

				There is also a <b>small extensor hallucis brevis muscle</b> on the
				dorsum of the foot (see Card 7-43). It sends its tendon to the
				proximal phalanx of the big toe. This muscle is innervated by the
				deep fibular nerve and extends the proximal phalanx of the big toe.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The extensor hallucis longus muscle is clinically tested by
				having the patient dorsiflex (extend) the big toe against resistance.
				The tendon is seen passing to the great toe.<br/><br/>

				<b>Anterior (tibial) compartment syndrome</b> (known as an anterior or
				a lateral <b>"shin splint"</b>) occurs from excessive contraction of anterior
				compartment muscles. Pain radiates down the ankle and dorsum of
				the foot overlying the extensor tendons of these muscles.
				On the dorsum of the foot, just lateral to the tendon of the
				extensor hallucis longus muscle, one can find the <b>dorsalis pedis
				(artery) pulse</b>.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>