<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Arteries of Sole of Foot</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Arteries of Sole of Foot</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Arteries of Sole of Foot</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The medial and lateral plantar arteries are continuations of
				the posterior tibial artery.<br/><br/>

				The <b>lateral plantar artery</b> is much larger than the medial branch. It
				forms the major portion of the plantar arch, which anastomoses with
				other plantar branches and the dorsalis pedis artery.<br/><br/>

				Plantar metatarsal arteries arise from this plantar arch and give rise to
				proper plantar digital branches.<br/><br/>

				The foot also contains <b>superficial and deep veins</b>. The superficial
				veins are subcutaneous and drain most of the blood from the foot;
				they do not possess corresponding arteries. However, the deep veins
				do accompany the arteries. These plantar and dorsal veins then drain
				into the small and great saphenous veins.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Puncture wounds</b> or lacerations to the sole of the foot may bleed profusely because of the rich vascular anastomoses of
				the plantar arches. Moreover, because of the tight, deep compartments containing tendons, muscles, and ligaments in the sole,
				controlling the bleeding from a laceration may be problematic.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb </b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle"> Cardiovascular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>