<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Nerves of Kidneys, Ureters, and Urinary Bladder</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Nerves of Kidneys, Ureters, and Urinary Bladder </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Nerves of Kidneys, Ureters, and Urinary Bladder</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
				<p>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> A rich plexus of sympathetic nerves arising from the superior mesenteric ganglion courses to the kidneys. <b>Sympathetics</b> to pelvic viscera arise from the superior hypogastric plexus formed below the inferior mesenteric  ganglion. These nerves course on either side of pelvic viscera to the inferior  hypogastric plexus.
					<br/><br/>
					<b>Parasympathetic</b> fibers to the kidneys arise from the vagus nerve. Pelvic viscera and lower abdominal viscera receive their parasympathetic fibers from pelvic splanchnic nerves arising from S2, S3, and S4 spinal cord levels.
				</p>			
				<div class="commentParagraph">
					<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The pain (<b>renal colic</b>) of a renal stone that passes from
					the kidney and into the ureter is usually felt from the loin to the
					groin as the stone works its way toward the urinary bladder in the
					pelvis. Narrow points along this pathway include the ureteropelvic
					junction, mid-ureter where it crosses the iliac vessels, and the
					ureterovesical junction. The pain is conveyed by visceral afferents
					to the corresponding spinal ganglia and then to the spinal cord
					(T11-L2); thus, the pain is localized to these dermatomes.</p>
				</div>
				<p>
					<b>Abdomen</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
			  </div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
	
</body>
</html>    