<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> The <b>diaphragm</b> is a dome&#x2013;shaped musculofibrous septum 
				that arises from the circumference of the thoracic outlet, with fibers 
				arising from a sternal portion (xiphoid process), a costal portion (lower 
				six costal cartilages), and a lumbar portion (L1-L3 vertebrae).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> The muscles converge and insert into the central tendon.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Attached to the ribs and lumbar vertebrae, the muscular 
				diaphragm draws the central tendon downward and forward during 
				inspiration. This increases the volume of the thoracic cavity and 
				decreases the volume of the abdominal cavity.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Phrenic nerve (C3, C4, and C5).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The diaphragm has three large openings: the <b>caval hiatus</b> for the inferior vena cava (at the level of the T8 vertebra), the <b>esophageal  hiatus</b> (at the level of the T10 vertebra), and the aortic hiatus (in front of the T12 vertebra).<br/><br/> 
				Where the diaphragm passes over the aorta, it forms an arch called the median arcuate ligament. As the diaphragm passes over the psoas major muscle, it forms the medial arcuate ligament, and where it passes over the  quadratus lumborum, it forms the lateral arcuate ligament.
				</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> If an inflamed visceral structure (e.g., gallbladder) contacts the underside of the diaphragm, the parietal peritoneum may become inflamed and the pain will be passed along the sensory axons of the phrenic nerve (C3-C5) on the right side to the corresponding dermatomes in the lower neck and shoulder region. This is an example of <b>referred pain</b> from the abdomen to a somatic region of the body.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
		
</body>
</html>    