<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
<title>Ischio-anal Fossae: Anal Sphincters and Rectum</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>

</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Ischio-anal Fossae: Anal Sphincters and Rectum</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Ischio-anal Fossae: Anal Sphincters and Rectum</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Attachments:</b> The <b>external anal sphincter</b> is a voluntary sphincter
				that surrounds the last 2 cm of the anal canal and consists of
				subcutaneous, superficial, and deep portions. Some fibers attach
				anteriorly to the perineal body and posteriorly to the anococcygeal
				ligament. Fibers also may join the superficial transverse perineal, the
				levator ani, and the bulbospongiosus muscles (see Card 5-7/S3-58).
				Deep fibers interlace with the puborectalis muscle.<br/><br/>

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> This muscle is in a tonic state of contraction and has no
				antagonist. It keeps the anal canal closed.<br/><br/>

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Supplied by the inferior rectal branches (largely S4) of
				the pudendal nerve (S2-S4).<br/><br/>
				
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> An internal sphincter lies deep to the external anal sphincter (that is, just superior to the external anal sphincter). This smooth muscle sphincter is under involuntary control. Sympathetic fibers maintain its tonic contraction, whereas parasympathetic fibers relax muscle tone and permit expansion of the anal canal during defecation or flatulence. This action also requires that the external
			    anal sphincter be relaxed simultaneously.</p>

			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Trauma to the anal mucosal lining (e.g., from compacted feces) can lead to an <b>anal infection</b> that can spread into the adjacent sphincter muscles and beyond, into the ischioanal fossae of the fat-filled anal triangle, thus forming an ischio-anal abscess.
			</p>
		</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Pelvis and Perineum</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body>
</html>