<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
              <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Quadratus plantae muscle</b> has two heads. The 
				larger medial head arises from the medial surface of the calcaneus; 
				the lateral head arises from the lateral border of the calcaneus.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The two portions of the quadratus plantae muscle 
				join into a flattened muscular band that inserts into the posterolateral 
				margin of the tendon of the flexor digitorum longus; it corrects the 
				oblique pull of the flexor digitorum longus tendon.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Quadratus plantae muscle helps the flexor digitorum longus 
				flex the terminal phalanges of the four lateral toes.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Lateral plantar nerve (S2–S3).<br/><br/>
 
			  <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The quadratus plantae is unique, having no equivalent in
			  the hand. Its primary role is to modify the effect of the flexor
			  digitorum longus, which tends to pull obliquely across the foot. The
			  quadratus plantae corrects this oblique motion.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			  <p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Like many of the muscles of the sole of the foot, the
			  quadratus plantae muscle helps with flexion of the toes and helps
			  to maintain the arches of the foot and balance.<br/><br/>Stroking the lateral aspect of the sole of the foot should result in a
			  normal flexion of the toes, eliciting a <b>plantar reflex</b> (L4-S2 nerves).</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    