<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer" tabindex="0"> Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.html" scrolling="no" allowFullScreen="true" frameborder="0"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog">
			
			<h2 tabindex="0">Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles</h2>
			<div title="Close" tabindex="0" class="close">X</div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body" tabindex="0">			
			<p>
				<b>Origin: </b> The <b>omohyoid muscle</b> consists of an inferior and a superior belly. The inferior belly arises from the superior border of the scapula, near the suprascapular notch and passes to the intermediate tendon. The superior belly begins at the intermediate tendon and passes vertically.<br/><br/>
				<b>Insertion: </b> The superior belly passes vertically and inserts into the lower border of the hyoid bone. The inferior belly of the muscle inserts into the intermediate tendon deep to the sternocleidomastoid muscle.<br/><br/>
				<b>Action: </b> Omohyoid muscle depresses the hyoid bone after the bone has been elevated. It also retracts and steadies the hyoid bone.<br/><br/>
				<b>Innervation: </b> C1, C2, and C3 by a branch of the ansa cervicalis.<br/><br/>
				<b>Comment: </b> The sternothyroid is part of the group of <b>infrahyoid
				muscles</b>. Because they are long and narrow, these muscles are often
				referred to as &#x201c;strap&#x201d; muscles. They are involved in movements of
				the hyoid bone and thyroid cartilage during swallowing, speaking, and
				mastication (chewing).
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b>Clinical:</b> The infrahyoid, or &#x201c;strap,&#x201d; muscles are surrounded by an
				investing layer of cervical fascia that binds the neck muscles in a
				tight fascial sleeve. <b>Swelling</b> within this confined space can be
				painful and potentially damaging to adjacent structures.
				Immediately deep to this investing fascia is a &#x201c;pretracheal space&#x201d;
				anterior to the trachea and thyroid gland, which can provide a
				vertical conduit for the spread of infections.</p>

			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
</body>
</html>    