<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
    <title>Nerves of Gluteal Region and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Nerves of Gluteal Region and Thigh: Posterior View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Nerves of Gluteal Region and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			  <p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Nerves to the gluteal region and posterior thigh arise from
			  the <b>sacral plexus</b>. They come largely from the anterior rami of L4-S4.<br/><br/>
			  The major nerves of the gluteal region are the superior and inferior
			  gluteal nerves. The largest nerve of the sacral plexus is the sciatic
			  nerve, made up of anterior rami of L4-S3. The <b>sciatic nerve</b>
			  innervates all muscles of the posterior compartment of the thigh.
			  Through its two terminal branches, the tibial and common fibular
			  nerves, it also innervates all muscles below the knee.</p>			
			  <div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			  <p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Intramuscular gluteal injections</b> are given in the upper outer quadrant of the buttock to avoid injuring the sciatic nerve,
			  which passes just inferior to or through the piriformis muscle in the
			  middle of the gluteal region.<br/><br/>
			  <b>Pulled or torn muscle injuries</b> to the hamstring muscles are
			  common sports injuries often caused by quick starts, as in sprint
			  races, or from kicking a ball. If torn, it is not uncommon for the
			  muscle to tear from its proximal attachment to the ischial
			  tuberosity.</p></div>
			  <p>
				  <span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Nervous System</span>
				  <!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			  </p>
			  </div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    