<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Thigh Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Thigh Muscles</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Thigh Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The thigh muscles are divided into three compartments.
				The <b>anterior compartment</b> contains the quadriceps femoris group,
				which extends the knee. The <b>medial compartment</b> contains the
				adductors of the thigh at the hip. The <b>posterior compartment</b> contains
				the hamstring muscles, which flex the knee and extend the hip.<br/><br/>

				In general, muscles of the anterior compartment are innervated by
				the <b>femoral nerve</b>; muscles of the medial compartment, by the
				<b>obturator nerve</b>; and muscles of the posterior compartment, by the
				<b>sciatic nerve</b> (mostly the tibial portion of the sciatic nerve). These
				generalizations are a good way to categorize these thigh muscles and
				remember their innervations, but exceptions to each of these
				generalizations exist for each compartment.</p>			

			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Sensory changes</b> to the femoral nerve can be detected
				over the anterior thigh, medial knee, and medial aspect of the leg.
				Obturator sensory changes are detected over the medial thigh and
				sciatic nerve changes over the mid-posterior thigh, knee, posterolateral leg, and entire sole of the foot.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>