<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Cervical Vertebrae</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Cervical Vertebrae </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>	
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			<h2 id="dialogTitle">Cervical Vertebrae</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The first two cervical vertebrae are the <b>atlas</b> and <b>axis</b> (see Section 1, Head and Neck, for a description).<br/><br/>
				The cervical spine allows for considerable movement.<br/><br/>
				A typical cervical vertebra has a body, pedicle, lamina, and spinous process.<br/><br/>
				The transverse processes of the cervical vertebrae contain the transverse foramen, which allows for passage of the vertebral vessels.<br/><br/>
				The lower illustration shows the articulated cervical vertebrae from C2 to C7 and the 1st thoracic vertebra. The 7th cervical vertebra is called the <b>vertebra prominens</b> because of its long spinous process, usually the 1st spinous process one can visualize and easily palpate. The intervertebral discs between adjacent vertebrae have been removed in this illustration.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b>  Cervical <b>disc herniation</b> (a herniation of the nucleus pulposus, see Card 2&#x2010;5/S2&#x2010;19) usually occurs in the absence of trauma and is often related to dehydration of the nucleus pulposus. Motor and sensory loss may occur if the herniation compresses a nerve root or the spinal nerve. Common cervical sites of herniation include the C5&#x2010;C6 or C6&#x2010;C7 intervertebral discs.
				</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Back and Spinal Cord</b> / Skeletal System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
			</p>
			<!-- <p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span>
		    </p> -->		
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>	
</body>
</html>     