<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Mucosa and Musculature of Large Intestine</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Mucosa and Musculature of Large Intestine </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Mucosa and Musculature of	Large Intestine</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				    <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The <b>large intestine</b> includes the cecum (and the
					appendix), ascending colon, transverse colon, descending colon,
					sigmoid colon, rectum, and anal canal. <br/><br/>
					Sacs of fat (appendices), longitudinal muscular bands called free tenia
					(three bands exist), and haustra are characteristic features of the colon.
					Functionally, the colon is responsible for dehydration and compaction
					of indigestible materials for elimination. Its reabsorption of water and
					electrolytes and its host defense mechanisms also are important
					functions.<br/><br/>
					The transverse and sigmoid colon are intraperitoneal and are tethered
					by a mesentery.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				    <p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Colorectal cancer</b> is second only to lung cancer in
					site-specific mortality rates and accounts for almost 15% of
					cancer-related deaths in the United States. In both women and
					men, colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer overall.
					Well over 90% of these cancers are adenocarcinomas, and the
					peak incidence is in individuals over the age of 60.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Digestive System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>