<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Eyeball: Horizontal Section</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>
		<div style="margin-top:50px">
			<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Eyeball: Horizontal Section</div>
			<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
			<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
			<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
			<div class="modalbg openModal">
				<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">

					<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Eyeball: Horizontal Section</h2>
					<hr />
					<div class="dialog_body">
						<p>
							<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The eyeball has <b>three layers</b>: an external fibrous layer
							consisting of the sclera and transparent cornea; a middle vascular
							pigmented layer consisting of the choroid, ciliary body, and iris; and
							an internal neural layer, the retina.<br /><br />
							The <b>fovea centralis</b>, a central depression in the macula, is an
							avascular region that contains cones but no rods. This area provides
							the most acute vision.<br /><br />
							Light passes to the retina through the refractive media of the eye,
							which consists of the cornea, aqueous humor, lens, and vitreous
							humor.
						</p>

						<div class="commentParagraph">
							<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> An opacity of the lens is called a <b>cataract</b>. Treatment
							often involves surgically removing the lens and implanting a plastic lens and then correcting the vision with glasses. <b>Glaucoma</b> is an
							increase in ocular pressure usually due to poor reabsorption of aqueous humor. This increased pressure may damage the retina.<br /><br />
							Common vision disorders include: (1) <b>Myopia</b>, or nearsightedness; (2) <b>Hyperopia</b>, or farsightedness; (3) <b>Astigmatism</b>, a nonspherical cornea; and (4) <b>Presbyopia</b>, an age-related loss of accommodative ability (the lens is less flexible).</p>
						</div>
						<p>
							<b>Head and Neck</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span
								style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
						</p>
					</div>
					<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>

</html>