<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Muscles of Forearm</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Forearm</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles of Forearm</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Supinator muscle</b> arises from the lateral 
				epicondyle of the humerus, the radial collateral ligament of the elbow 
				joint, the anular ligament of the proximal radioulnar joint, the 
				supinator fossa, and the crest of the ulna.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Inserts into the lateral, posterior, and anterior 
				surfaces of the proximal third of the radius.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The supinator rotates the radius to supinate the forearm and 
				hand. Supination occurs whether the forearm is flexed or extended.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Deep branch of the radial nerve (C7&#x2010;C8).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The most powerful supinator of the forearm is the biceps <b>brachii</b> muscle, which acts primarily when the forearm is flexed. In contrast, the supinator muscle can supinate a forearm that is flexed or extended.<br/><br/>The posterior interosseous artery passes through the supinator, serving as its major blood supply.</p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The deep branch of the radial nerve (the radial nerve&#x2019;s motor component) can become compressed as it passes through the supinator, leading to a <b>posterior compartment neuropathy</b>, resulting in weakened extension of the wrist and fingers. The supinator is tested clinically by having the patient supinate the extended forearm against resistance.</p></div>
				<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>