<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
    <title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The large <b>gluteus maximus muscle</b> arises from
				the posterior gluteal line of the ilium, the dorsal surfaces of the
				sacrum and coccyx, and the sacrotuberous ligament.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Most of the gluteus maximus muscle’s fibers
				insert in the iliotibial tract, but some fibers from its lower half attach
				to the gluteal tuberosity of the femur.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The gluteus maximus muscle is a powerful extensor and
				lateral rotator of the thigh at the hip joint. Its upper fibers may assist
				in abduction of the thigh, whereas the lower fibers adduct the thigh.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Inferior gluteal nerve (L5, S1–S2).<br/><br/>

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>gluteus maximus</b> is the <b>largest muscle in the body</b> and the most powerful extensor of the hip. Although it is used in standing and walking, this muscle is most important as a powerful extensor at the hip when the trunk is being raised from the flexed position. The gluteus maximus is most important in hip extension when a person is rising from a sitting position or climbing stairs.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> One tests the gluteus maximus muscle with the patient in a supine position with the leg extended at the knee. The underside of the ankle is held, and the patient is asked to extend the slightly raised limb at the hip against this resistance.<br/><br/>
				The gluteus maximus is used for <b>intragluteal injections</b>, as an
				injected drug can be quickly absorbed by its extensive venous
				drainage.
			</p></div>
			<p>
				<b>Lower Limb</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    