<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Muscles Involved in Mastication</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Muscles Involved in Mastication </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles Involved in Mastication</h2>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin: </b> <b>Lateral pterygoid muscle,</b> a short, thick muscle, has two heads. The superior head arises from the infratemporal surface and infratemporal crest of the greater wing of the sphenoid bone. The inferior head arises from the lateral surface of the lateral pterygoid plate.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion: </b> The fibers of the lateral pterygoid muscle converge to insert into the pterygoid fovea on the front of the neck of the mandible, articular disc, and capsule of the temporomandibular joint.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Lateral pterygoid muscle assists in opening the mouth by drawing the condyle of the mandible and articular disc of the temporomandibular joint forward. With the medial pterygoid of the same side, the lateral pterygoid protrudes the mandible. The jaw is rotated to the opposite side, producing a grinding movement.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Mandibular division of the trigeminal nerve.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The other three muscles of mastication help close the jaw, whereas the lateral pterygoid opens the jaw. At the beginning of this action, it is assisted by the mylohyoid, digastric, and geniohyoid muscles. <br/><br/> The muscles of mastication are derived embryologically from the first pharyngeal (branchial) arch and are innervated by the mandibular division of the trigeminal nerve (CN V<sub>3</sub>).
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Sometimes individuals clench their teeth and grind their molars while in deep sleep. This grinding action of the pterygoid muscles can erode the teeth, and people suffering from this malady should seek the attention of their health care specialist.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    