<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b>  <b>Quadratus femoris muscle</b> arises from the
				lateral border of the ischial tuberosity.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Quadratus femoris muscle inserts on the quadrate
				tubercle on the intertrochanteric crest of the femur and inferior to it.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Quadratus femoris muscle rotates the thigh laterally.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Nerve to the quadratus femoris (L5 and S1).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> As its name implies, the small, flat quadratus femoris
				muscle is quadrilateral in shape.<br /><br />
				The piriformis, obturator internus, superior and inferior gemelli, and
				quadratus femoris function as <b>short lateral rotators</b> at the hip. All of
				these muscles insert near the trochanteric fossa and help rotate the
				extended femur laterally. They also stabilize the hip joint by steadying
				the head of the femur in the acetabulum.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b>  <b>A trochanteric bursa</b> protects the muscles that insert at or near the greater trochanter, and inflammation of this bursa
				<b>(bursitis)</b> is common. The pain is especially acute when the patient
				abducts and laterally rotates the thigh at the hip against resistance,
				or when rising from a sitting position or climbing stairs.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				 <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>