<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Leg: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg: Posterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Leg: Posterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
                <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Soleus muscle</b> arises from the posterior aspect 
				of the head of the fibula, the proximal third of the posterior body of 
				the fibula, the soleal line, and the medial border of the tibia.<br/><br/> 
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The soleus muscle fibers end in an aponeurosis 
				that thickens and then narrows where it joins the gastrocnemius. The 
				resulting calcaneal tendon inserts on the posterior surface of the 
				calcaneus.<br/><br/> 
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Soleus muscle plantarflexes the foot at the ankle and is an 
				important postural muscle. Apparently, it is constantly active, even 
				during quiet standing, and it aids in maintaining balance.<br/><br/> 
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Tibial nerve (S1–S2).<br/><br/>   
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The upper portion of the soleus is covered largely by the
				gastrocnemius muscle.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The soleus muscle is tested clinically by having the supine
				patient flex the limb at the hip and knee and then plantarflex the
				foot against resistance.<br/><br/>
				<b>Tendinitis</b> of the calcaneal tendon is a painful inflammation that
				often occurs in runners who run on hills or uneven surfaces.
				Repetitive stress on the tendon occurs as the heel strikes the
				ground and when plantarflexion lifts the foot. <b>Rupture</b> of the
				tendon is a serious injury.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				 <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>