<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>superior gemellus muscle</b> arises from the
				spine of the ischium. The <b>inferior gemellus muscle</b> arises from the
				ischial tuberosity.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Both gemellus muscle tendons blend with the
				tendon of the obturator internus (which lies between these two
				muscles in the gluteal region) to insert on the medial aspect of the
				greater trochanter of the femur.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Both gemellus muscles laterally rotate the extended thigh
				and abduct the flexed thigh at the hip. They also steady the femoral
				head in the acetabulum.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The superior gemellus is supplied by the nerve to the
				obturator internus (L5 and S1). The inferior gemellus is innervated by
				a branch of the nerve to the quadratus femoris (L5 and S1).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The two small gemelli (the &#x201c;twin&#x201d; muscles) lie parallel to
				the obturator internus tendon in the gluteal region. Although each
				muscle varies in size, the superior gemellus is usually smaller.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The two gemelli muscles and the obturator internus really
				form a &#x201c;three-headed&#x201d; muscle <b>(triceps coxae)</b> that fills the space
				between the piriformis above and the quadratus femoris below.
				These three muscles act as a functional unit.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				 <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>