<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Forearm Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Forearm Muscles</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Forearm Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Brachioradialis muscle</b> arises from proximal 
			two-thirds of the lateral supracondylar ridge of the distal humerus and intermuscular septum.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Brachioradialis muscle inserts on the lateral aspect 
			of the distal radius just proximal to the styloid process.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Brachioradialis muscle is an accessory flexor of the forearm at the elbow when the elbow is midpronated.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Radial nerve (C5 and C6), before it divides into its 
			superficial and deep branches.<br/><br/>
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The brachioradialis muscle is a unique muscle in that it is a muscle of the posterior compartment of the forearm (innervated by the radial nerve) but is not an extensor or supinator. It is a weak flexor of the forearm at the elbow and is most efficient as a flexor when the forearm is in midpronation.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> If one tests forearm flexion against resistance in the midpronated position, the brachioradialis is easily seen as a muscle bulge over the lateral epicondyle of the elbow. Pain over the lateral epicondyle is often referred to as <b>&#x201c;tennis elbow,&#x201d;</b> but this muscle pain, usually from overexertion, can be caused by a number of actions, including playing tennis or golf or lifting heavy objects (e.g., a suitcase) by a handle.</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>