<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Shoulder Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>teres minor</b> originates from the lateral border 
				of the scapula. The <b>teres major</b> arises from the dorsal surface of the 
				inferior angle of the scapula.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The teres minor inserts into the inferior facet on 
				the greater tubercle of the humerus. The teres major inserts into the 
				medial lip of the intertubercular groove of the humerus.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The teres minor rotates the arm laterally and weakly adducts 
				the arm at the shoulder. Similar to the other three rotator cuff muscles, 
				it draws the humerus toward the glenoid fossa, strengthening the 
				shoulder joint. The teres major helps extend the arm from the flexed 
				position, and it adducts and medially rotates the arm at the shoulder.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The teres minor is supplied by the axillary nerve (C5 and 
				C6), whereas the teres major is innervated by the lower subscapular 
				nerve (C5 and C6).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b>  The teres minor is one of the four <b>rotator cuff muscles</b>,
				and it helps stabilize the shoulder joint. Often, it is inseparable from
				the infraspinatus muscle.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b>  The teres major is tested clinically by having the patient
				adduct the horizontally elevated arm against resistance while
				viewing the contraction of the muscle as it passes from the
				scapula to the humerus. The integrity of the subscapular nerve is
				also tested by this action.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>