<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Arteries of Thigh and Knee: Schema</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Arteries of Thigh and Knee: Schema</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Arteries of Thigh and Knee: Schema</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The femoral artery is a continuation of the external iliac
				artery. Its deep branch provides blood to the deep muscles of the
				thigh.<br/><br/>

				Medial and lateral circumflex femoral branches provide a rich
				anastomosis around the hip joint. Similarly, a rich anastomosis around
				the knee joint is provided by medial and lateral pairs of genicular
				arteries.<br/><br/>

				When the <b>femoral artery</b> passes through the adductor hiatus of the
				adductor magnus muscle, it assumes a position behind the knee
				(popliteal fossa), becoming the <b>popliteal artery</b>. Inferior to the knee,
				the popliteal artery divides into anterior and posterior tibial branches.
				The posterior tibial artery also gives rise to the fibular artery.</p>			

			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Arterial anastomoses</b> occur around the hip joint (via the circumflex femoral arteries), around the knee joint (genicular
				arteries), and around the ankle joint (malleolar, tarsal, and arcuate
				arteries). Additionally, <b>arteriovenous anastomoses</b> are direct
				connections between small arteries and veins, and usually are
				involved in cutaneous thermoregulation.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Cardiovascular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>

    </body></html>