<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Forearm Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Forearm Muscles</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Forearm Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Extensor pollicis longus muscle</b> arises from 
				posterior surface of the middle third of the ulna and the interosseous membrane.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Attaches to the dorsal base of the distal phalanx of the thumb.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Extends the distal phalanx of the thumb at the metacarpophalangeal and interphalangeal joints. Because it runs in an oblique 
				fashion, it can contribute to abduction of the thumb.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Radial nerve (posterior interosseous branch) (C7 and C8).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The tendon of the extensor pollicis longus forms the
				medial or ulnar border of the <b>&#x201c;anatomical snuffbox.&#x201d;</b>
				</p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The <b>radial artery</b> can be found within the anatomical
				snuffbox, and its pulse may be palpated at that point. The
				anatomical snuffbox is bounded laterally by the tendons of the
				abductor pollicis longus and extensor pollicis brevis muscles and
				medially by the extensor pollicis longus tendon. The scaphoid
				carpal bone lies in the floor of the snuffbox; <b>fracture</b> from a
				fall on the outstretched hand will present as pain and swelling
				in the snuffbox (the scaphoid is the most commonly fractured
				carpal bone).</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>