<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Cervical Plexus In Situ</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Cervical Plexus In Situ </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Cervical Plexus In Situ</h2>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>cervical plexus</b> arises from anterior rami of C1-C4.
				It provides motor innervation for many of the muscles of the anterior
				and lateral compartments of the neck. This plexus also provides
				cutaneous innervation to the skin of the neck.<br/><br/>
				Most of the motor contributions to the infrahyoid muscles arise from
				a nerve loop called the <b>ansa cervicalis</b> (C1-C3).<br/><br/>
				The cervical plexus also gives rise to the first two of three roots
				contributing to the <b>phrenic nerve</b> (C3, C4, and C5). The phrenic
				nerve innervates the respiratory diaphragm.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Unilateral trauma</b> to the posterior cervical triangle of the
				neck may injure the accessory nerve (CN XI) (ipsilateral innervation
				of the sternocleidomastoid and trapezius muscles), the phrenic
				nerve (C3-C5) (innervates the ipsilateral hemi-diaphragm), or the
				trunks or cords of the brachial plexus. As you will see in the Upper
				Limb section of these flash cards, the brachial plexus is the
				innervation for the muscles of the shoulder, arm, forearm, and
				hand. The integrity of each of these nerves should be assessed
				when trauma is evident.</p>

			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    