<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Shoulder Muscles </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Shoulder Muscles</h2>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Levator scapulae</b> arises from the transverse 
					processes of the first four cervical vertebrae.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Inserts into the superior portion of the medial 
					(vertebral) border of the scapula from its superior angle to its spine.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Elevates the superior angle of the scapula and tends to draw 
					it medially. Also rotates the scapula so that the glenoid cavity is tilted 
					inferiorly. When the scapula is held in a fixed position, the levator 
					scapulae bends the neck laterally and rotates it slightly toward the 
					same side.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> By the 3rd and 4th cervical nerves from the cervical 
					plexus and by a branch from the dorsal scapular nerve (C5) to the 
					muscle&#x2019;s lower fibers.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Contraction of the levator scapulae helps shrug the
					shoulders. The blood supply to the muscle comes largely from the
					transverse cervical artery of the thyrocervical trunk.
				</p>			
				<div class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin">
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> One can easily test the levator scapulae muscle by asking
					the patient to shrug his or her shoulders against resistance.
					Weakness in this action would require a more specific examination
					to determine to what degree the trapezius may also be affected or
					compensating, since both muscles elevate the scapula.</p>
				</div>
				<p>
					<b>Upper Limb</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    