<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Heart In Situ</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Heart In Situ </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Heart In Situ</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The heart lies within the <b>middle mediastinum</b>, encased
				within a fibroserous sac called the pericardium. The outer layer of the
				pericardial sac is the fibrous pericardium, a strong, fibrous layer that
				blends with the roots of the great vessels. Serous pericardium
				consists of an underlying parietal layer lining the inner aspect of the
				fibrous pericardium and a visceral layer that reflects onto the heart as
				the <b>epicardium</b>.<br/><br/>
				The <b>thymus</b>, often atrophied and imbued with fat in the adult,
				overlies the great vessels and superior portion of the pericardium. It
				is usually directly posterior to the manubrium of the sternum.<br/><br/>
				This figure also shows the mediastinal, diaphragmatic, and costal
				portions of the parietal pleura.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The pericardial cavity is a potential space between the
				two serous layers and contains a thin film of serous lubricating fluid
				to reduce friction of the beating heart. Trauma to the heart or
				rupture of a vessel can lead to bleeding in the pericardial cavity,
				which compresses the heart and compromises its function. This
				condition is called <b>cardiac tamponade.</b><br/><br/>
				<b>Pericarditis</b> is an infection of the pericardium usually caused by a
				virus, although bacteria and fungi are also causative agents.</p> 	
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Thorax</b> / Cardiovascular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    