<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Muscles of Pharynx</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Muscles of Pharynx </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles of Pharynx</h2>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin: </b> The broad <b>superior pharyngeal constrictor</b> arises from the pterygoid hamulus, pterygomandibular raphe, posterior portion of the mylohyoid line of the mandible, and side of the tongue.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion: </b> The superior pharyngeal constrictor muscles from each side meet and attach to the median raphe of the pharynx and pharyngeal tubercle of the occipital bone.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Superior pharyngeal constrictor constricts the wall of the upper pharynx during swallowing.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Pharyngeal plexus of the vagus nerve (CN X).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The three pharyngeal constrictors help move food down the pharynx and into the esophagus. To accomplish this, these muscles contract serially from superior to inferior to move a bolus of food from the oropharynx and laryngopharynx into the proximal esophagus.<br/>
				The superior constrictor lies largely behind the mandible.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Although the motor innervation of the pharyngeal constrictors is via the vagus nerve (CN X), the sensory innervation of all but the most superior part of the pharynx (the constrictor muscles and the mucosa lining the interior of the pharynx) is via the glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX). Together, the fibers of CN IX and X form the <b>pharyngeal plexus</b> and function in concert with one another during swallowing.</p>

			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    