<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
    <title>Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			  <p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b><b> Adductor brevis muscle</b> arises from the body
				and inferior ramus of the pubis.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Adductor brevis muscle inserts into the pectineal
				line and proximal portion of the linea aspera of the femur.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Adductor brevis muscle adducts the thigh at the hip joint and
				can flex and medially rotate the thigh.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Obturator nerve (L2–L4).<br/><br/>
			  	<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The adductor brevis, longus, and magnus muscles are the main <b>adductors of the hip.</b> They are helped to a small extent by the gracilis and pectineus muscles.<br/><br/> Branches of the femoral and obturator arteries supply blood to these adductors.</p>			
			  <div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			  	<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The adductor muscles may be tested collectively by asking a patient in the supine position (lying on the back) whose lower limb is extended to adduct the limb while the examiner holds the ankle to provide resistance to this movement. The adductor muscle bellies can be seen and palpated as the patient adducts the limb.<br/><br/> <b>Groin injuries</b> are common in athletes and usually involve a pulling or tearing of the proximal attachment (origin) of the anteromedial thigh muscles, especially the adductor group.</p></div>
			  <p>
				  <span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			  </p>
			  </div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    