<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p >
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (superior attachment):</b> <b>Internal intercostal muscles</b> arise
					from a ridge on the inner surface of the inferior aspect of each rib
					and from the corresponding costal cartilage.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (inferior attachment):</b> Each muscle attaches to the upper
					border of the rib below its origin.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The portions of the upper four or five internal intercostal muscles
					that interconnect with the costal cartilages may elevate the ribs. The
					more lateral and posterior portions of the muscles, where the fibers run
					more obliquely, depress the ribs and are active during expiration.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Intercostal nerves.<br/><br/>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> In general, the fibers of the internal intercostals are roughly perpendicular to those of the external intercostal muscles. There are 11 pairs of internal intercostal muscles.
					<br/><br/>
					All of the intercostal muscles keep the intercostal spaces rigid, preventing them from bulging out during expiration and being drawn in during inspiration.
				</p>		
				<div class="commentParagraph">
					<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The intercostal muscles assist in respiration and can hypertrophy if a respiratory pathologic process develops (e.g., in a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease such as <b>asthma</b> or <b>emphysema</b>).<br/><br/>
						An <b>intercostal nerve block</b> can be performed by injecting a local anesthetic in the intercostal space where it infiltrates the intercostal nerve (see 5 on image) and its collateral branches (4 on image).</p>
				</div>
				<p>
					<b>Thorax</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				<!-- <p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
					<br/></span>
				</p> -->		
				</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    