<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Mucosa and Musculature of Small Intestine</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Mucosa and Musculature of Small Intestine </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Mucosa and Musculature of Small Intestine</h2>
			<div title="Close" tabindex="0" class="close">X</div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p>
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The small intestine includes the <b>duodenum</b> (secondarily
					retroperitoneal), the <b>jejunum</b> (mesenteric), and the <b>ileum</b> (mesenteric).
					The jejunum constitutes the proximal two-fifths and the ileum
					the distal three-fifths of the mesenteric small intestine.<br/><br/>
					Several gross characteristics distinguish the jejunum from the ileum.
					The jejunum is larger in diameter and has longer straight arteries
					branching from its arterial arcades. It also has less fat in its mesentery
					and prominent circular folds of mucosa (plicae circulares) in its
					interior wall. More distally in the small bowel, the concentration of
					aggregated lymphoid nodules (Peyer&#x2019;s patches) increases.
				</p>			
				<div class="commentParagraph">
					<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Crohn&#x2019;s disease</b> is an idiopathic inflammatory bowel
					disease that may affect any segment of the gastrointestinal tract
					but usually involves the small intestine and colon. The disease
					presents with abdominal pain (periumbilical or lower right quadrant),
					diarrhea, fever, and several other symptoms and is most
					common between the ages of 15 and 30 years.</p>
				</div>
				<p>
					<b>Abdomen</b> / Digestive System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
				<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    