<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Forearm Muscles</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Forearm Muscles</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Forearm Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Extensor pollicis brevis muscle</b> arises from the 
				posterior surface of the radius and the interosseous membrane.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Attaches to the dorsal base of the proximal phalanx of the thumb.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Extends the proximal phalanx of the thumb at the metacarpophalangeal joint. By its continued action, it also can extend the 1st 
				metacarpal bone at the carpometacarpal joint.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Radial nerve (posterior interosseous branch) (C7 and C8).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The extensor pollicis brevis muscle, a short extensor
				of the thumb, courses with the abductor pollicis longus muscle. The
				tendons of the two muscles form part of the lateral boundary of
				the <b>&#x201c;anatomical snuffbox.&#x201d;</b> The radial artery pulse can be felt in the
				snuffbox.</p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> One can test the extensor pollicis brevis muscle clinically
				by having the patient supinate the extended hand and then attempt
				to extend the thumb (the hitchhiking thumb position) against
				resistance. Not only will the strength of the muscle be tested, but
				the tendon of the muscle should be visible and palpable over the
				dorsal surface of the thumb&#x2019;s metacarpophalangeal joint.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>