<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Leg: Lateral View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg: Lateral View</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Leg: Lateral View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b>  <b>Fibularis brevis muscle</b> arises from the distal two-thirds of the lateral surface of the fibula.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Fibers of the fibularis brevis muscle course
				downward, ending as a tendon that passes behind the lateral
				malleolus and runs forward to insert into the tuberosity on the lateral
				side of the base of the 5th metatarsal.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Fibularis brevis muscle everts the foot and acts as a weak
				plantarflexor of the foot at the ankle joint.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Superficial fibular nerve (L5, S1–S2).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> During <b>walking</b>, the fibularis brevis muscle helps balance
				the foot and support weight by compensating for inversion.</p>			

			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The fibularis brevis muscle is tested clinically by having
				the patient evert the foot against resistance. In some individuals
				with excessively mobile ankle joints, <b>hypereversion</b> can irritate
				the lateral compartment muscles (fibularis longus and fibularis
				brevis), causing pain, swelling, and compression of the
				neurovascular bundle.<br/><br/>

				Recurrent ankle sprains may stretch the superficial fibular nerve,
				causing <b>paresthesia</b> on the lateral aspect of the leg, and dorsal
				aspect of the ankle and foot.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>