<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Shoulder Muscles </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Shoulder Muscles</h2>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p> 
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Trapezius muscle</b> arises from external occipital 
				protuberance and medial third of the superior nuchal line of the 
				occipital bone, ligamentum nuchae, and spinous processes of the 
				7th cervical vertebra and all 12 thoracic vertebrae.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Superior fibers of the trapezius muscle insert into 
				the posterior border of the lateral third of the clavicle. Middle fibers 
				insert into the medial margin of the acromion and posterior border of 
				the scapular spine. Inferior fibers converge to end in an aponeurosis 
				inserted into the scapular spine.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The upper and lower fibers of the trapezius muscle act 
				primarily to rotate the scapula for full abduction of the upper extremity. 
				The upper fibers, acting alone, elevate the shoulder and brace the 
				shoulder girdle when a weight is being carried by the shoulder or 
				hand. Central fibers run horizontally and retract the shoulder. Lower 
				fibers draw the scapula downward. When both muscles act together, 
				the scapula can be adducted and the head drawn directly backward.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Motor supply is from the accessory nerve (CN XI). 
				Proprioceptive fibers are from the 3rd and 4th cervical nerves.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The trapezius, in contrast to the other shoulder muscles, 
				does not receive nerve fibers from the brachial plexus.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The trapezius can be tested by having a patient elevate
				the shoulder against resistance (the upper portion of the contracting
				muscle can be felt). This tests the integrity of the accessory
				nerve (CN XI) innervating this muscle.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Upper Limb</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    