<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Prevertebral Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Prevertebral Muscles </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Prevertebral Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p >
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> The longus capitis arises from the anterior tubercles of the 
C3-C6 vertebral transverse processes. The longus colli arises from 
the bodies of the T1-T3 vertebrae, the bodies of the C4-C7 vertebrae, 
and transverse processes of the C3-C6 vertebrae.<br/><br/>
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> The longus capitis attaches to the basilar portion of the 
occipital bone. The colli portion attaches to the anterior tubercle of 
the atlas (C1), the bodies of the C2-C4 vertebrae, and transverse 
processes of the C5-C6 vertebrae.<br/><br/>
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Both muscles flex the neck, although the longus colli is weak.
The longus colli also slightly rotates and laterally bends the neck.<br/><br/>
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The longus capitis is supplied by the C1-C3 anterior 
rami. The longus colli is supplied by the C2-C6 anterior rami.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The longus capitis and longus colli lie in front of the cervical vertebrae and are often called <b>prevertebral muscles.</b> They help other muscles flex the cervical spine.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> These muscles and the scalenus muscles comprise anterior muscle groups often lumped together as &#x201c;prevertebral&#x201d; muscles. They are encased in a strong fascial sleeve called the prevertebral fascia and do not tolerate <b>swelling</b> well because of this tight enclosure. Just anterior to the prevertebral fascia, where it covers the bodies of the cervical vertebrae, lies the <b>retropharyngeal space</b> (this space is posterior to the buccopharyngeal fascia [the posterior portion of the pretracheal fascia] covering the posterior pharynx and esophagus). <b>Infections</b> in this vertical space may pass superiorly to the base of the skull or inferiorly into the posterior mediastinum of the thorax.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>	
</body>
</html>    