<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin: </b> <b>Sternothyroid muscle</b> arises from the posterior surface of the manubrium of the sternum and the edge of the first costal cartilage.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion: </b> Sternothyroid muscle attaches to the oblique line of the lamina of the thyroid cartilage.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Sternothyroid muscle depresses the larynx after the larynx has been elevated for swallowing.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> C2 and C3 from the ansa cervicalis.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The sternothyroid is part of the group of <b>infrahyoid muscles</b>. Because they are long and narrow, these muscles are often referred to as &#x201c;strap&#x201d; muscles. They are involved in movements of the hyoid bone and thyroid cartilage during swallowing, speaking, and mastication (chewing).
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The infrahyoid, or &#x201c;strap,&#x201d; muscles are surrounded by an investing layer of cervical fascia that binds the neck muscles in a tight fascial sleeve. <b>Swelling</b> within this confined space can be
				painful and potentially damaging to adjacent structures. Immediately deep to this investing fascia is a &#x201c;pretracheal space&#x201d; anterior to the trachea and thyroid gland, which can provide a vertical conduit for the spread of infections.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    