<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Muscles Involved in Mastication</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Muscles Involved in Mastication </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles Involved in Mastication</h2>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin: </b> <b>Temporalis muscle</b> arises from the floor of the temporal fossa and the deep surface of the temporal fascia.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion: </b> Temporalis muscle attaches to the tip and medial surface of the coronoid process and anterior border of the ramus of the mandible.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Temporalis muscle elevates the mandible and closes the jaw. Its posterior fibers retract the mandible (retrusion). Elevation of the jaw also is assisted by the actions of the masseter and medial pterygoid muscles. The masseter is shown cut away in this image.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Mandibular division of the trigeminal nerve.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The temporalis is one of the four <b>muscles of mastication</b>. It is a broad, radiating muscle whose contractions can be seen during chewing. The muscles of mastication are derived embryologically from the first pharyngeal (branchial) arch and are innervated by the mandibular division of the trigeminal nerve (CN V<sub>3</sub>). Also shown in this image are two of the muscles of facial expression, the bucinator and orbicularis oris muscles.
			</p>
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Tension headache</b> can be muscular in origin. Tensing the temporalis muscle (for example, clenching the teeth) can lead to this type of headache.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>	
</body>
</html>    