<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Left Atrium and Ventricle: Flap Opened in Posterolateral Wall of Left Ventricle</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Lungs In Situ: Anterior View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
	<!-- 	<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>	 -->
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Lungs In Situ: Anterior View</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The lungs lie within pleural cavities composed of the parietal and visceral pleura. <b>Parietal pleura</b> lines the inner surface of the thoracic wall, superior aspect of the diaphragm, and mediastinum; <b>visceral pleura</b> is intimately associated with the lung surface. The visceral pleura reflects off the lung to become parietal pleura at the hilum of each lung, where structures enter and leave lung tissue.<br/><br/> Oblique and horizontal fissures divide the right lung into <b>superior, middle, and inferior lobes</b>. An oblique fissure divides the left lung into a superior lobe and an inferior lobe. The left lung also contains
				the lingula, a tongue-shaped portion of the superior lobe. The lingula roughly corresponds to the right lung&#x2019;s middle lobe.<br/><br/> Each lung contains 10 <b>bronchopulmonary segments</b>, each supplied by a segmental bronchus and an artery.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The <b>potential space</b> between the parietal pleura and visceral pleura contains only a small amount of serous fluid that lubricates the surfaces and reduces friction during respiration. If fluids (e.g., blood or edema) or air gain access to this potential space, it becomes a real space, and the pressure can partially compress the lung or collapse it completely.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Thorax</b> / Respiratory System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    