 	<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): </b> <b>Abductor pollicis brevis muscle</b> arises from the flexor retinaculum and the tubercles of the scaphoid and trapezium bones.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal): </b> Inserts into the lateral side of the base of the proximal phalanx of the thumb.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Abducts the thumb at the carpometacarpal and metacarpophalangeal joints.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Recurrent branch of the median nerve (C8 and T1).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The abductor pollicis brevis muscle is one of the three muscles that make up the thenar muscles at the base of the thumb.
				The <b>thenar muscles</b> are all innervated by the recurrent branch of the median nerve (C8 and T1).</p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The abductor pollicis brevis muscle is tested clinically by having the patient abduct the thumb against resistance. Abduction of the thumb involves moving it at right angles to the palm toward
				the elbow in the supinated position. Look for the bulging of the muscle belly in the thenar eminence.<br/><br/>
				The median nerve may be compressed in the carpal tunnel <b>(carpal tunnel syndrome)</b> beneath the flexor retinaculum. This injury is often linked to occupational repetitive movements related to flexion and extension.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle"> Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>