<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Bones of Foot</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Bones of Foot</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Bones of Foot</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The bones of the foot include the seven tarsal bones, of
				which only the <b>talus</b> articulates with the leg bones. Five metatarsal
				bones articulate proximally with the tarsals and distally with the
				phalanges. Similar to the thumb, the first toe (big toe) has only two
				phalanges. Toes 2 through 5 have a proximal, middle, and distal
				phalanx. <br/><br/>

				The trochlea of the <b>talus</b> (ankle bone) articulates with the tibia and
				fibula, and the head of the talus articulates with the navicular bone.
				The <b>calcaneus</b> (heel bone) articulates with the talus superiorly and
				the cuboid anteriorly.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The calcaneus is the most commonly fractured tarsal
				bone. Most <b>calcaneal fractures</b> occur from a forceful landing on a
				heel, in which the talus is driven down into the calcaneus. The
				bone density of the calcaneus is less than that of the talus, which
				also contributes to its being fractured more often.<br/><br/>

				Direct trauma to the foot can result in <b>fractures</b> of the metatarsals
				and phalanges. These fractures can usually be treated with
				immobilization, as the fragments are often not displaced.
</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb </b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>