<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Knee: Cruciate and Collateral Ligaments</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Knee: Cruciate and Collateral Ligaments</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Knee: Cruciate and Collateral Ligaments</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The knee is the <b>largest and most complicated joint</b> in
				the body. It is a biaxial condylar synovial joint between the condyles
				of the femur and tibia. It also includes a saddle joint between the
				femur and patella.<br /><br />
				The knee participates in flexion and extension. When flexed, it also
				participates in some gliding and rotation movements. When the knee
				extends fully, the femur rotates slightly and medially on the tibia,
				pulling each of the ligaments taut and stabilizing the joint.<br /><br />
				The menisci, the cruciate ligaments, and the transverse ligament are
				intracapsular ligaments. The transverse ligament binds and stabilizes
				the menisci.<br /><br />
				Most of the blood supply to the knee is from genicular branches of
				the popliteal artery.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The posterior cruciate ligament is shorter and stronger
				than the anterior cruciate; consequently, it is not torn nearly as
				often as the anterior cruciate ligament.<br /><br />
				<b>Osteoarthritis</b> of the knee (and hip) is a painful condition associated most commonly with activity and aging. Stiffness and
				decreased range of motion are common.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>

    </body></html>