<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
    <title>Superficial Nerves and Veins of Lower Limb: Anterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer"> Superficial Nerves and Veins of Lower Limb: Anterior View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Superficial Nerves and Veins of Lower Limb: Anterior View</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			  <p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>cutaneous nerves</b> of the thigh and leg are branches of the femoral, obturator, and sciatic nerves. The lateral cutaneous
				nerve of the thigh arises directly from the lumbar plexus.<br/><br/>
				The <b>great saphenous vein</b> arises from a plexus of dorsal veins over
				the foot. It ascends along the medial aspect of the leg, knee, and
				thigh to drain into the femoral vein. Numerous superficial tributaries
				drain into the great saphenous. Perforating branches from the
				saphenous vein and its tributaries communicate with deep veins
				accompanying the femoral and tibial arteries.<br/><br/>
				The superficial and deep veins of the lower limb, similar to the veins
				of the upper limb, possess <b>venous valves</b> to aid in venous return to
				the heart against gravity.</p>			
			  <div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			  	<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The great saphenous vein may be harvested and used as
				a <b>vessel graft</b> (e.g., in coronary bypass).<br/><br/>The superficial veins of the lower limb may become <b>varicose</b>
				(dilated), usually because their valves become incompetent and
				allow venous blood to back up and reverse flow in the veins.</p></div>
			  <p>
				  <span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Nervous System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			  </p>
			  </div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    