<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
	<title>Female Perineum </title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Female Perineum </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">

			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
				<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Female Perineum</h2>			
				<hr/>
				<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p>
				    <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The <b>perineum</b> is the region between the proximal
					portions of the thighs. This diamond-shaped area extends from the
					mons pubis anteriorly to the medial surfaces of the thighs laterally
					(ischial tuberosities) and to the coccyx posteriorly.<br/><br/>
					A horizontal line joining the two ischial tuberosities divides the diamondshaped perineum into an anterior <b>urogenital triangle</b> and a posterior <b>anal triangle.</b>

				</p>			
				<div class="commentParagraph">
					<p id="nomargin"> 
					<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The <b>perineal body</b> is a fibromuscular mass that marks the
					point of convergence of the bulbospongiosus muscle, external anal
					sphincter, and transverse perineal muscles. It provides important
					support to the perineum and pelvic viscera. If the perineal body is
					torn (e.g., during childbirth) and is not properly repaired, its support
					function is compromised, and vaginal prolapse may result.<br/><br/>
					<b>Stress incontinence</b> in women is the involuntary loss of urine
					after an increase in intraabdominal pressure. Common predisposing factors include multiparity, obesity, chronic cough, and heavy
					lifting.</p>
				</div>
				<p>
					<b>Pelvis and Perineum</b> / Reproductive and Urinary Systems
					<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
				<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
				</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body>
</html>