<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer" tabindex="0"> Maxillary Artery </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.html" scrolling="no" allowFullScreen="true" frameborder="0"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog">
			
			<h2 tabindex="0">Maxillary Artery</h2>
			<div title="Close" tabindex="0" class="close">X</div>
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body" tabindex="0">			
			<p>
				<b>Comment: </b> The <b>maxillary artery</b> is one of the two terminal branches of the external carotid artery. It passes superficially or deeply to the lateral pterygoid muscle and courses medially in the infratemporal fossa. Descriptively, it is divided into three parts.<br/><br/>
				The first (retromandibular) portion of this artery gives rise to branches supplying the tympanic cavity and membrane, dura mater, mandibular teeth and gums, ear, and chin. The second (pterygoid) portion supplies the muscles of mastication and the buccinator. The third (pterygopalatine) part supplies the maxillary teeth and gums, portions of the face, orbit, palate, auditory tube, superior pharynx, paranasal sinuses, and nasal cavity.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b>Clinical:</b> A nosebleed, or <b>epistaxis</b>, is a common occurrence and often involves the richly vascularized region of the vestibule and the anteroinferior aspect of the nasal septum (Kiesselbach&#x2019;s area). Many of these small nasal arteries and arterioles are branches of the maxillary artery and facial artery (lateral nasal and septal branches).<br/><br/>
				Trauma to the skull can tear the middle meningeal artery, causing an <b>epidural hematoma</b>.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Cardiovascular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span> -->
		    </p>		
			</div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
</body>
</html>    