<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />
    <title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
			  <p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b>  <b>Gluteus minimus muscle</b> arises from the lateral
				surface of the ilium between the anterior and inferior gluteal lines.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Gluteus minimus muscle inserts on the greater
				trochanter of the femur.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The gluteus minimus abducts and medially rotates the thigh
				at the hip. Along with the gluteus medius, it steadies the pelvis on
				the leg when the opposite leg is raised from the ground.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Superior gluteal nerve (L5 and S1).<br/><br/>
			  	<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The gluteus minimus lies deeper than the gluteus medius. The two muscles are separated by deep branches of the superior gluteal neurovascular bundle.<br/><br/> These muscles are important in stabilizing the hip during walking.</p>			
			  <div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			  	<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The gluteus medius and minimus collectively are tested clinically with the patient in the supine position and the lower limb extended (straight). The examiner holds the ankle laterally and asks the patient to abduct (move laterally) the limb against this resistance. Medial rotation is tested in the supine position by having the patient internally (medially) rotate the thigh against resistance with the lower limb flexed at the hip and knee.</p></div>
			  <p>
				  <span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			  </p>
			  </div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    