<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles in Cross Section of Forearm</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles in Cross Section of Forearm</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Muscles in Cross Section of Forearm</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Muscles of the forearm are divided into an anterior
				compartment and a posterior compartment. Muscles in the anterior
				compartment are largely <b>flexors</b> at the wrist and of the fingers (and
				two are pronators). Muscles in the posterior compartment generally
				are <b>extensors</b> at the wrist and of the fingers (and one is a supinator
				muscle).<br/><br/>
				Muscles of the anterior, or flexor, compartment of the forearm are
				innervated largely by the <b>median nerve</b> and its branches. Only the
				flexor carpi ulnaris and the medial half of the flexor digitorum
				profundus are innervated by the <b>ulnar nerve</b> and its branches.<br/><br/>
				Muscles of the posterior compartment of the forearm are innervated
				by the <b>radial nerve</b> and its branches.
			
			</p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Rarely do muscles act alone; rather, they contract and
				function on a joint by acting together. Therefore, it is important to
				think of them in compartments based on their function (e.g.,
				extensors or flexors) and know which nerve and vessels supply the
				muscles of that compartment.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>

    </body></html>