<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Muscles of Sole of Foot: First Layer</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer">Muscles of Sole of Foot: First Layer</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" >Muscles of Sole of Foot: First Layer</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
                <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Flexor digitorum brevis muscle</b> arises from the 
				medial tubercle of the tuberosity of the calcaneus and from the 
				plantar aponeurosis and intermuscular septa.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The flexor digitorum brevis muscle gives rise to 
				four tendons that are superficial to the tendons of the flexor 
				digitorum longus. Within their digital tendon sheaths, the tendons of 
				the brevis split to allow the long flexor tendons to pass to the distal 
				phalanges. The brevis tendons insert on both sides of the middle 
				phalanges of the four lateral toes.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Flexor digitorum brevis muscle flexes the second (middle) 
				phalanx of the four lateral toes.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Medial plantar nerve (S2–S3).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b>The arrangement of the flexor digitorum longus and
				brevis tendons in the foot is similar to that of the superficial and deep
				digital flexors in the hand.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Generally, unlike the muscles of the hand, the muscles of
				the sole of the foot act as a unit to maintain balance, maintain the
				arches of the foot (along with the supporting ligaments), and act in
				pushing the foot off the ground.</p></div>
			<p>
				 <span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				 <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>