<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Arteries of Female Pelvis</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no" />

</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot'>			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="titleContainer"> Arteries of Female Pelvis </div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>		
		
		<!--<div class="slider">
	        <div class="sliderBar">
	            <div id="slider" class="sliderCustomize"></div>
	        </div>
	    </div>-->

		<div class="modalbg openModal">
			<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			  
			  <h2 id="dialogTitle" >Arteries of Female Pelvis</h2>			
			  <hr/>
			  <div class="dialog_body">			
				<p id="commentText"> 
					    <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>internal iliac artery</b> is the primary blood supply for
						the pelvic viscera and perineum. It divides into an anterior trunk
						(which largely supplies pelvic viscera and the perineum) and a
						posterior trunk. Branches of the posterior trunk generally supply the
						pelvic walls or pass through the greater sciatic foramen into the
						gluteal region. The branching pattern of the internal iliac artery varies
						greatly, so it is advisable to name the arteries according to the
						structures that they supply.<br/><br/>
						Veins draining the corresponding structures are similarly identified
						and named. These veins drain into the internal iliac vein and into the
						common iliac vein on each side and then into the inferior vena cava.</p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
					<p id="nomargin">
						<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Cancer cells originating in the pelvic viscera may spread
						(<b>metastasize</b>) via the venous system and will generally follow the
						venous drainage back toward the central venous circulation. For
						most of the pelvic viscera this means via the inferior vena cava,
						although some spread to the adjacent veins of the vertebral
						column is also common.</p>
					</div>
				<p>
					<span id="bookTitle"><b>Pelvis and Perineum</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Cardiovascular System</span>
					<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
				</p>
				</div>
			  <div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			  </div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
	<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
</body>
</html>    