<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/jquery-ui.css"/>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style/style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="js/scale.js"></script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no"/>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</title>
</head>
<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class="h-hotspot">			
		<div style="margin-top:50px">				  
		<div class="title-wrap"><div class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</div>
		<div class="button commentButton" tabindex="0" title="Commentary"> Commentary </div></div>
		<iframe id='mainframe' src="activityframe.xhtml"></iframe>
		
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle" > Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</h2>			
			<hr/>
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): </b> The proximal fibers of the <b>adductor pollicis muscle</b> make up the <b>oblique head</b> and arise from the bases of the 2nd and 3rd metacarpals and the capitate bone. The <b>transverse head</b> arises from the anterior surface of the body of the 3rd metacarpal bone.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal): </b> Both heads of the adductor pollicis muscle converge on a sesamoid bone on the medial or ulnar side of the metacarpophalangeal joint. They attach to the base of the proximal phalanx of the thumb.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Adducts the proximal phalanx of the thumb toward the middle digit.<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Deep branch of the ulnar nerve (C8 and T1).<br/><br/>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The adductor pollicis muscle is not considered a thenar muscle. Although it acts on the thumb, it is innervated by the <b>ulnar nerve.</b>
			</p>			 
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The adductor pollicis muscle is tested clinically by asking the patient to adduct the thumb against resistance. This is done by having the patient place the thumb in a fully abducted position (at right angles to the supinated palm, sticking straight up in the air) and then by providing resistance as the patient tries to move the thumb back into an adducted position (flat in the palm just lateral to the index finger).</p>
				</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div> 
	</div>	
<script src="js/accessibility_handler.js"></script>
    </body></html>