<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
<title>Netter&#x0027;s Anatomy Flash Cards</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/Elsevier_eBook.css">
</link>

<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../widgets/common_assets/css/common.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../widgets/common_assets/css/variables.css"/>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../widgets/common_assets/scripts/mathjax/tex-mml-chtml.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../widgets/common_assets/scripts/common.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
<section epub:type="preface">
<div id="page_vi" aria-label="Page vi" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/>
<div id="CN"></div>
<h1 class="fmtitle" id="tit0010">Preface</h1>
<section>
<p class="text" id="p0010">Congratulations! You have just purchased the most popular and comprehensive set of anatomy flash cards available. <em>Netter&#x2019;s Anatomy Flash Cards</em> offer a unique learning resource to supplement the anatomy textbook, atlas, or dissection materials used in medical, dental, nursing, allied health, and undergraduate courses in human anatomy. This set of cards draws on the timeless medical illustrations of Frank H. Netter, MD, and includes not only the musculoskeletal system but also a review of important nerves, vessels, and visceral structures not commonly found in traditional flash card sets.</p>
<p class="text" id="p0015">Each 4 &#x00D7; 6 full-color card details human anatomy as only Netter can. The set is organized regionally in accordance with Netter&#x2019;s widely popular <em>Atlas of Human Anatomy</em> (i.e., Head and Neck; Back and Spinal Cord; Thorax; Abdomen; Pelvis and Perineum; Upper Extremity; Lower Extremity). Within each region, cards are arranged sequentially as follows: Bones and Joints; Muscles; Nerves; Vessels; and Viscera. Body systems have been added to each card in the sixth edition to allow you to easily reorganize the set for your learning preference. Because each section opening card is slightly taller, you can easily pull out an entire section of cards for study. In addition, a corner of each card is prepunched so that you can insert it on the enclosed metal ring to keep an entire section of cards in the correct order.</p>
<p class="text" id="p0020">Each card includes a <strong>Comment</strong> section, which provides relevant information about the structure(s) depicted on the front of the card, including detailed information for muscle origins, insertions, actions, and innervation. Most cards also contain a <strong>Clinical</strong> section that highlights the clinical relevance of the anatomy depicted on the front of the card. Bonus online content is available online using the scratch-off PIN code on the first card. Online content includes over 300 <strong>multiple-choice questions</strong> to test your retention of the material. These cards offer an accurate and ready source of anatomic information in an easy-to-use and portable format.</p>
<p class="text" id="p0025">Consensus regarding the specific anatomic details of such topics as muscle attachments or the range of motion of joints can vary considerably among anatomy textbooks. In fact, human anatomic variation is common and normal. Consequently, the anatomic detail provided on these cards represents commonly accepted information whenever possible. I am indebted to and wish to credit the following superb sources and their authors or editors:</p>
<p class="text" id="p0030"><em>Gray&#x2019;s Anatomy for Students</em>, 4th ed. Drake R, Vogl W, Mitchell A. Philadelphia, Elsevier, 2019.</p>
<p class="text" id="p0035"><em>Gray&#x2019;s Anatomy</em>, 42nd ed. Standring S. Philadelphia, Elsevier, 2020.</p>
<p class="text" id="p0040"><em>Netter&#x2019;s Clinical Anatomy</em>, 5th ed. Hansen JT. Philadelphia, Elsevier, 2022.</p>
<p class="text" id="p0045"><em>Clinically Oriented Anatomy</em>, 9th ed. Moore KL, Dalley DR, Agur AMR. Philadelphia, Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins, 2022.</p>
<p class="text" id="p0050"><em>Grant&#x2019;s Atlas of Anatomy</em>, 15th ed. Agur AMR, Dalley AF. Philadelphia, Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins, 2020.</p>
<p class="text" id="p0055">My hope is that the Netter Flash Cards will make learning more enjoyable and productive, and that the study of anatomy will inspire you with a sense of awe and respect for the human form.</p>
<p class="textfl">&#x00A0;</p>
<p class="textfl"><strong>John T. Hansen, PhD</strong><br/>
Emeritus Professor of Neuroscience<br/>
and former Schmitt Chair of Neurobiology and Anatomy<br/>
and Associate Dean for Admissions<br/>
University of Rochester Medical Center<br/>
Rochester, New York</p>
</section>
</section>
</body>
</html>
